content/projects/software-pioneers.mdx, before:

---
published: true
title: "Software Pioneers"
description: A custom toolset to help DXN leaders attract and manage new members, with a focus on productivity and education.
date: "2021-03-18"
url: https://software-pioneers.vercel.app/
techs:
  - "HTML"
  - "JS"
  - "CSS"
  - "Bootstrap"
  - "PHP"
repository: salahWD/wealth-way-DXN
---

## Overview

[![software pioneers home page](software-pioneers.png)](https://software-pioneers.vercel.app/)

**Wealth Way (DXN)** is a SaaS platform built to assist DXN leaders in expanding and managing their teams. Developed using HTML, JS, CSS, Bootstrap, and PHP, it offers essential tools for member onboarding, education, and productivity.

## Key Features

- **Daily Tasks List**: Keeps members on track with their daily goals.
- **Structured Course**: Ensures new members learn the DXN system step-by-step.
- **Weekly Plan**: Guides members toward achieving the "Star Diamond" level.
- **Product Catalog**: A quick reference for all DXN products.
- **SaaS Model**: Leaders can subscribe to offer these tools to their teams with personalized access.

## Client Story

Commissioned by a DXN leader, Wealth Way simplifies member management and education, providing leaders with a scalable, customizable toolset to enhance team productivity.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: HTML, JS, CSS, Bootstrap
- **Backend**: PHP

---

Wealth Way (DXN) demonstrates my ability to deliver targeted, scalable solutions for network marketing professionals.

Commit message:

remove contact page and projects page and handle structure

content/projects/software-pioneers.mdx, after:

---
published: true
title: "Software Pioneers Website"
description: My first website using the SvelteKit framework, designed for a creative agency startup.
date: "2024-07-23"
url: https://software-pioneers-y7p3-ypox76hr1-salah-2d098c8c.vercel.app/
techs:
  - "SvelteKit"
  - "Tailwind CSS"
  - "Telegram"
repository: salahWD/software-pioneers
---

## Overview

[![software pioneers home page](software-poineers.png)](https://software-pioneers-y7p3-ypox76hr1-salah-2d098c8c.vercel.app/)

This project marks my first venture into using the SvelteKit framework, combined with Tailwind CSS, to create a dynamic website for a creative agency. The site covers the company's diverse offerings, including graphic design, UI/UX design, technical translations, and mobile development.

## Key Features

- **Home Page**: A visually engaging design with animations that introduce the company, its services, and customer testimonials.
- **Services Page**: Highlights the agency's work, featuring an extensive portfolio showcasing previous projects.
- **Shop Page**: Promotes a partner company's AI article writer plugin with an interactive in-page modal for users to test.
- **Articles Page**: Displays articles with category-based filtering and subtle animations for a smooth user experience.
- **About Us Page**: Shares the company's success story, achievements, and introduces the management team, along with a "Join Our Team" form.
- **Contact Us Page**: Features a contact form linked to a Telegram bot, ensuring instant notifications of new messages.

## Technologies Used

- **Framework**: SvelteKit
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Contact**: I used Telegram bots to deliver messages

---

This project highlights my ability to leverage SvelteKit and Tailwind CSS for building a visually appealing and functional website tailored to a creative agency's needs.
